World Name: Nokimlor
Fort Name: Cattenmafol "Channelchambers"

Start Of Year One:
	As we arived to our new haven we where attaked by a alligator snapping turtle. A stray war dog was the first into the fight there was not much 
damage jsut some scratches.  As the fight went on a Farmer joined in and charged the alligator snapping turtle. After a lot of not much happening the 
alligator snapping turtle bites the stray war dog in the upper body tearing muscle and bruising the left lung.  After the the alligator snapping turle 
gets enraged. As this was going on a miner made it to the fight and joined in by kicking the alligfator snapping turtle in the left back leg bruising 
the muscle. Then the alligator snapping turtle bit the stray wasr dog in the left ear tearing apart the skin.  Then the farmer adisted the grip on the 
alligator snapping turtle's head.  Even with that the alligator snapping turtle charged at the stry war dog.  At this point in the fight the alligator 
snapping surtle started to look sick.  After the a miner scratches the alligator snapping turtle in the throat tearing it.  Then the alligator snapping 
turtle collapes and falls to the ground from over-exertion then vomits and retches over and over again.  

	We have made it to summer. We were lucky that alligator snapping turtle hurt any of us to badly. After that we decided to start working on our 
hospital sooner then later.  We got a farm set up growing plump helmets. Got some basic work shops and started to work on cutting out our tavern and bed 
rooms. other then that we had a non eventful spring. 

	Part way through summer we had a migrant wave aproches joining our fort. There were 4 dwarfs that came. 

	We now have made it to Fall.  We got more workshops up and running almost got the tavern ready to open and have a room cut out for a hospital. 
We almost are ready to also start making metal and get stuff ready for making a military.  Nothing eventful happend durring the summer.  

	Out of somewhere a wild boar sow came by my wagon and attaked one of our stray war dogs.  After a lot of missing bites and kicks the wild boar 
sow kicks the stray war dog in the second left front toe with its right front hoof, shattering the nail. The force of that bends the left front paw, 
tearing apart the muscle and bruising the bone. From that an artery has been opened by the attack, many nerves have been severed, a ligament has been 
bruised and a tendon has been bruised.  after a short time the wild boar sow returned and tryed to fight the stray war dog but in the end callapsed of 
exostion and started to vomit and retch.  

	Part way through Fall we had a migrant wave aproches joining our fort. There were 6 dwarfs that came. 4 of which being children.

	We got our tavern finaly open and almost right away we had poeple comeing to visit. While jsut looking at the people comeing to visit there was 
one human pikeman that was a vampire. So if there are any problems around that from now on. Well it was probibly from him.  Also his name was Kasmko 
Tiquonita.

	 We made it to winter.  We got the tavern up and runing ok and are starting to just get every thing set and running smoothly.  We started to 
make a room from training our military. We also opend up a hole in a wall for faster travel for now till it need patching.  Other then that not much 
happedned durring the Fall. Hope to good times. 

End of Year One:
	We made it one year. At this point we want to get enough dwarfs to start training some to be a militarty squad. also get metal start to be made. 